Participant: Okay, just to note for the AI agents in the room that all conversations
Participant: are going through the participant channel. So good luck. Okay. Things will surface.
Participant: Okay, tell me what the last activity you consider joining in Chiang Mai.
Participant: What were you hoping to get it from it?
Participant: to have a lot of temple for me to join is pro and have some activity. Yeah, I can about the activity right? Yeah, yeah.
Participant: I am a bit sleepy now. I'm so sorry. There's no wrong answer.
Participant: Okay, so you went to the temple or you consider joining? I went to the temple.
Participant: to the temple okay and why why did you do that I love to go to the temple wishing my because is
Participant: It makes me more relaxed and also for praying. And also I love to take a picture.
Participant: As you can see, they are so many beautiful temple in Shenmai. This is my heart beat to take a picture. Oh, okay.
Participant: So that's the hobby of taking pictures. And so that's why you went to the event. And how did it go?
Participant: Like this is how is it it's perfect. Yes, every time I went there. I'll go there. I of course
Participant: Of course, I get the peaceful, and of course, I get a lot of beautiful pictures.
Participant: Before you went, you had expectation on who was going to be.
Participant: to meet your expectations? Yes, it is. Okay. And can you think of a
Participant: time in which you will go to an event where it didn't meet your expectation.
Participant: You went to some event, something similar, you know, for the same reason, but it did not meet your expectations. - Oh yeah.
Participant: There was a time that they set up the events something like the special events.
Participant: events in Ching Mai or the special activity for the people in Ching Mai and also the tourists to join.
Participant: But it's kind of like, it's not look like what they said.
Participant: For example, it's about the Japanese festival or something like that. Yeah, tell me about that. When was that? When did that happen?
Participant: It's about years ago, it's about years ago, but the expectation that I
Participant: I have is something like this should be more or the
Participant: The real Japanese lifestyle or the history of the Japanese, but it turned out that it
Participant: is something like a food festival. Okay, so tell me the story about that. Okay, I want you to remember the story.
Participant: before you went to this what was it sorry like how did you find out about it okay I find
Participant: I found it on the social media, the first book. They just put it on the social media, on the Facebook tag.
Participant: that they're going to have something like the Japanese festival. You can meet the beautiful culture from Japan.
Participant: and some activity to get you to know more about Japan and you looked at what whether you look at it is about the people
Participant: the picture. But online. Yeah, online, on my phone, for my phone. Yeah, what did you wear? Where was that? Facebook.
Participant: or some different ways. Facebook isn't Facebook. Okay. So you looked at an ad in Facebook, right? And you told me what it was like, right?
Participant: So then what was your expectation then when you were at that time? You're like, "Oh, this is a thing. What did you think in your mind?"
Participant: It should be interesting if it's such like that. Okay. If it's like that. And what did it promise?
Participant: What did it promise? What did it say?
Participant: colors, the true culture of the Japan, that's why I turned you, but when
Participant: When the time is come, when I go there in the food festival. It's not sure that much about
Participant: the cultural or the lifestyle or the way of life of the Japanese people, something like that.
Participant: So something was missing. What was missing? It's kind of like they have some performance to show you.
Participant: you, but the performance is a performance. It's not the way of life. It's not like the Japanese
Participant: Purple Man, the truly Japanese Purple Man. It's just a contemporary. And tell me how did you feel when you realized this?
Participant: I feel that I shouldn't waste my time to be here. - Right, so you feel like you wasted your time? - Yeah.
Participant: Okay, how much time did you take to do that? Just one. Like, do you waste time spending there or getting there?
Participant: How much time did you waste?
Participant: I see. But at that time, right? Did it take you one hour to drive there? Did you know how much time did you?
Participant: Not more than one hour. Okay, but so that was that something that you care is fine. You always drive when
Participant: one hour or like you know I just go and check it out and once I turn it down so I just
Participant: Okay, I think I see enough. Did that change anything about the next time you were looking for an event or anything like that of course?
Participant: course. What happened? I'm going to ask my friend who, who, who've been there for us. I would have my friends to go there. Guys, let's
Participant: Let's check it out, there's another event it's in my, have you been there? - Right. - So I just let somebody else go there first. - Okay, tell me about it.
Participant: What about that? Can you tell me? Yeah, and come back and tell me once again about how was it? Is it going to disappoint me just like the Japanese?
Participant: Japanese festival before. Let me ask you, I want to be specific. The last time you did that, that you can remember.
Participant: Yeah. Were you asked your friend first and this? Tell me the story. Okay. What event was it? What day when was it? Tell me.
Participant: I cannot necessarily remember what is it, but it came up after the Japanese festival, something like that, right?
Participant: So, one day I found it on Facebook, then I asked, let's say my friend is a
Participant: A, have you been to this event yet? You said no.
Participant: Didn't go, you go check it out. So you tell them to go, right? Did you find events that you
Participant: that you want to go where you tell him to go first. I don't want to waste my time. I don't want to waste my time. So let them go.
Participant: go and then let's just give them an excuse that I'm not I'm not available right now I'm too busy yes you go first and how
Participant: How do I because my friend is kind of like working in the same experience. We are seeing the idea.
Participant: And then afterwards, how do you get the information from him? How do you learn again? How do you ask him?
Participant: I'll text him from the line application. Is it a group or just one-on-one? No, it's just one-on-one.
Participant: And then what happened? And then he told you what? Some, some is on point. Some, some, it's just like they, they
Participant: they put on social media but when some is not just like the Japanese festival then they know that I should
Participant: I should waste my time to be there. So let me ask you, you go to a lot of events or no? No.
Participant: Okay, so you're very I choose you're very choosy. Yeah, how many events
Participant: Do you want to go to? Let's say in one month or one year or something. What's your...
Participant: And what's your goal or your expectation to go to this event?
Participant: I couldn't specific how many events that I would like to go, but just like
Participant: I'm kind of juicy so I'm I'm trying to choose and see what what is the interesting one
Participant: want to go. So if thinking about a number is something like once a month is okay for me.
Participant: Okay, and when you look at a list of events,
Participant: how you know what do you think in terms of choosing them the ones that you go for sure or are you every single one you're going to tell
Participant: tell your friend to go first or how are you going to choose this? I choose for the one I would like to go first. That they're not from my interest.
Participant: Okay, and how do you tell which ones you trust right because you tell me this some of these things they say something is not true. Mm-hmm. How can you tell?
Participant: or can you tell which ones you trust or not trust? Which one you need to send your friends to first? Which one?
Participant: make that decision. If that pause is generated from the AI, the picture is from AI.
Participant: AI yeah no way I see I'm not gonna be there okay because it's not gonna be like that
Participant: And do you feel... That's the first impression. Do you know if anybody else has the same problem as you? Yeah. Who?
Participant: My friends. Some of them say the same thing. They say the same thing. Yes, they have a problem.
Participant: like what they look at it and they're not sure. Okay. And that means that sometimes you don't go where you try to send your friend to
Participant: for one that I'm not so sure, okay let's say if they generate a picture from the AI.
Participant: I'm not good for sure. I got some other real picture. I may ask my friend to see first.
Participant: Are there any other signs besides your friends that could make you feel more confident to go?
Participant: It's about the feedback of the people that put on the social media or post on the social media. Okay, and do you see a lot of that or a little of that or is it
Participant: What do you see? You know, when you look at the events and Facebook, do you see people posting things?
Participant: Yes, yes, okay, and you read those I try to read those okay because my job
Participant: job, how to read something about it. Okay, good, good. Maybe we'll ask you another question.
Participant: about, you know, one of the themes is local ties, meeting nomads.
Participant: How is your experience so far in terms of being able to meet that? Is that something that is important to you or you do?
Participant: do want to do like to meet other, to meet nomads or locals. Sorry, I'm not so sure.
Participant: When you want to meet, is meeting locals or meeting nomads something that's important to you? Yes.
Participant: Something that you do? How do you make? How do you make nomads? I'm a nomad I'm from Australia. How do you...
Participant: Okay, for my job, SDMC.
Participant: I have to go and speak and you know and to will them sometime just like a
Participant: Fire sample. I am the emcee of the old top festival, something like that.
Participant: I have to go and talk to them to get the information. That is something that I have.
Participant: I have to. Yeah. You're an exceptional case because actually you were here to try to make, you know, he's not.
Participant: Because normally I am the introvert. But Kaedala has two corrects.
Participant: You know, I am introvert, but my job is extravert. Oh, I see. Okay.
Participant: So do you find that you have enough opportunities to meet?
Participant: Nomads yes for the daily life. Yes, of course for the daily life. Okay, bye
Participant: If that's something that I go to the daily life and I met the nomad and I would like to know from them, is there any topic that I would like to know from them?
Participant: I'm not hesitate to ask. Okay. I'll talk with him. And how has it gone so far? Do you get what you need? Yes. Oh yeah.
Participant: Because the Xing might be both kind of like, the Thai people say Jai-D or Kai.
Participant: How could it be? What's your next goal? Now that you have this, is there something else that you're going to try to do now?
Participant: the next. Maybe some homestay activity. Oh.
Participant: Okay, tell me more homestagivity. Because I never tried the homestagivity before. Oh, you mean here? Yeah.
Participant: You need to check my edit for try my lifestyle, right? Yes, because you know I I live in streamline, but
Participant: But I also would like to know how about the experience of the people. Have you done that?
Participant: done that already? Not yet. And why not? But we'll try. I don't have time. Don't have time. Okay, why do we try
Participant: have time work and working still working right right and if you don't get that experience
Participant: What are you missing? The failing of the tourist.
Participant: experience of the tourists. And if you get that experience, you learn that experience. What are you going to do with that? I'm going to use it. I'm going to use it.
Participant: Yeah how to you know my job is to express or telling the story about
Participant: about how wonderful that she and my people are the experience of the tourism in she and my. So if I have that experience.
Participant: I can tell the tourists.
Participant: If I understand right, we've talked about a lot of stuff, we've talked about a van to understand the river.
Participant: for events good. A lot of your job seems to be about having experience.
Participant: part of them are having experiences so that you can have a better life life.
Participant: You want to have good experiences, not experiences that you get.
Participant: But there's all this stuff as part of your job where you want to have the experience you said that you can share it with farmers.
Participant: That's what you want to do. But let's say you have 20 experiences of the next six months.
Participant: this month. Have you got any mechanism or tool or anything that
Participant: can convert that experience into something tangible, like, I don't know, a social media post, a blog post,
Participant: video anything or even a lesson plan a learning system so that far
Participant: foreigners can share in your life. Is that something would that be useful for you?
Participant: Aside from the put on the social media right, sometime when I go to the
Participant: the places in Qing Mayan and the foreign earth. They struggle or they would like to know more about information around
Participant: around them. I am willing to give the information and tell the story of where you should go next and what you're going to get from
Participant: get from there, something like that, kind of like, you know, the Java and what I submit in English, the host.
Participant: And that's good when you are the host. That's a very one-on-one thing.
Participant: I'm here on my four seats and I just want to know about the area you're the highest
Participant: host that's great but I'm not here but I'm not here right now I'm a week away from being here
Participant: And you come and you see a great experience, maybe there's a festival on next week, you know it's going to be on.
Participant: on some ground, something like that. It's part of your job or part of
Participant: part of the things that you've got to do. Is any other about sharing that knowledge to a bigger crowd?
Participant: people that might not be here until next month or month after. That's why it means social media or video. Is there anything like
Participant: like that that you need to do as part of your job. Or it's a more just one-on-one.
Participant: If they're not me understanding, every time I beat the MC on this stage, that's my part.
Participant: and what is the English MCA. So once my co-host, just telling the story of the
Participant: the Thai or something like that. So I also explained it in English for all the audience.
Participant: It's kind of something like that. It's just like when I went to another festival that they are selling the old top product.
Participant: product, but we're not only to sell the auto product. I give them the story of that product. Where is it from?
Participant: and the story of that tambourine or that village, something like that.
Participant: Do people come to you afterwards and go, "Geez, where do I find this information?" Yeah, sometimes.
Participant: They come after I win off their stage. Yeah, I haven't shared that information with them. If I can't do this, that's all.
Participant: also information it's written somewhere where do I find it can you answer that or not really yeah of course
Participant: Of course, I can answer that, but not all the questions. But one thing that I can answer, I just give them information.
Participant: go to the shimmay.com or something like that.
Participant: So if I came to you for a specific bit of domain knowledge
Participant: you're an expert in this area. You could point me to a website, you could point me to a phone.
Participant: Facebook group, you can point me to a building life for things. You know a lot of these sorts of things.
Participant: of local area knowledge ideas and you can share that with me.
Participant: I want from you. I want, I want you as an agent so I can talk to you.
Participant: Thank you. Well, thanks. I think that's all the time we have for this interview.
Participant: Okay, we've got a lot of different feedback, so thank you for your time. If you want to see what we've been up to...
Participant: (gun shot)
